1. emmet (used by VS code to give boiler plates)
for HTML ==> html:5

Difference between a Library and Framework?
- A library is like a toolbox—you pick and use the tools you need.
- A framework is like a blueprint—you follow its structure, and it calls your code.


React is a library, not a framework
React is a library because it focuses on just the UI layer, offers flexibility, and does not enforce a strict way to build an entire application. However, with the right ecosystem, it can behave like a framework.


CDN
A CDN (Content Delivery Network) is a distributed network of servers that helps deliver web content (like images, videos, stylesheets, scripts, and HTML) faster to users by caching and serving it from servers located closer to them.

Why is React called "React"?
The name React comes from its reactive nature, meaning it efficiently updates and renders components in response to state or data changes.

What is crossorigin in the <script> tag?
The crossorigin attribute in the <script> tag is used for handling cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) when loading external scripts. It determines whether the browser should send credentials (cookies, HTTP authentication) when requesting the script from another domain.


● What is diference between React and ReactDOM
React (react package)
Contains the core functionalities like component creation, hooks (useState, useEffect), and JSX handling.
Does not directly interact with the browser DOM.
ReactDOM (react-dom package)
Provides methods to render React components into the actual DOM (ReactDOM.createRoot).
Needed only for web applications (not React Native).

● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
-Better Developer Experience – The development version helps catch mistakes early.
-Optimized Performance in Production – The production version improves speed and efficiency.
-Use react.development.js while coding.
-Switch to react.production.js before deploying your app.

async and differ
async Executes as soon as it is downloaded (independent of other scripts).Best for independent scripts
	<script src="file.js" async></script>

differ Executes after the HTML is fully parsed, in order.Best for scripts that need to execute in order
    <script src="file.js" defer></script>
    
✔ Use async for non-critical scripts like Google Analytics, Ads, or tracking scripts.
✔ Use defer for scripts that depend on each other (like React and ReactDOM).